Consolidate Using Puppet for Config. Management (#1004)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_setting-the-puppet-out-of-sync-interval.adoc

[id="setting-the-puppet-out-of-sync-interval_{context}"]
= Setting the Puppet Out-of-Sync Interval

.Procedure

> . In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer > Settings*, and click the *Puppet* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer > Settings*, and click the *Config Management* tab.
```
On downstream Satellite I can find it on *Config Management* tab.

. In the *Puppet interval* field, edit the value to the duration, in minutes, after which hosts reporting using Puppet are considered to be out of sync.

> Set a duration in minutes after which hosts reporting using Puppet are considered to be out of sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set a duration, in minutes, after which hosts reporting using Puppet are considered to be out of sync.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe this line could be deleted altogether? Looks duplicated?
